Fix `deriv_mode="batched"` (#1691)
PlasmaControl/DESC: CHANGELOG.md

- Updates Redl bootstrap current consistency tutorial to include a ``SplineProfile`` optimization
- Adds automatically generated header file showing date the input file was created with `desc.vmec.VMECIO.write_vmec_input`

Bug Fixes

> - Fixes bug when ``jac_chunk_size`` is given to a sub-objective but the ``ObjectiveFunction`` is still using a different value which is set by an heuristic based on available memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes bug where ``ObjectiveFunction`` was incorrectly using ``deriv_mode="batched"`` and the heuristic-set ``jac_chunk_size`` when ``jac_chunk_size`` is given to a sub-objective, where it should have instead defaulted to ``deriv_mode="blocked"``.
```

idk how to succinctly explain this bug...

Author: yeah I didn't want to explain the whole thing, maybe I should add the issue number
